ORIGINAL TEXT

"The company had come to a halt, more sober men, as you may
guess, than when they started. The most of them would by no means
advance, but three of them, the boldest, or it may be the most
drunken, rode forward down the goyal. Now, it opened into a broad
space in which stood two of those great stones, still to be seen
there, which were set by certain forgotten peoples in the days of
old. The moon was shining bright upon the clearing, and there in
the centre lay the unhappy maid where she had fallen, dead of
fear and of fatigue. But it was not the sight of her body, nor
yet was it that of the body of Hugo Baskerville lying near her,
which raised the hair upon the heads of these three daredevil
roysterers, but it was that, standing over Hugo, and plucking at
his throat, there stood a foul thing, a great, black beast,
shaped like a hound, yet larger than any hound that ever mortal
eye has rested upon. And even as they looked the thing tore the
throat out of Hugo Baskerville, on which, as it turned its
blazing eyes and dripping jaws upon them, the three shrieked with
fear and rode for dear life, still screaming, across the moor.
One, it is said, died that very night of what he had seen, and
the other twain were but broken men for the rest of their days.

MODIFIED TEXT

"\"The company had come to a halt, more sober men, as you may\n" +
                "guess, than when they started. The most of them would by no means\n" +
                "advance, but three of them, the boldest, or it may be the most\n" +
                "drunken, rode forward down the goyal. Now, it opened into a broad\n" +
                
                "zz nnz jhs kljndf " +
                
                "fear and of fatigue. But it was not the sight of her body, nor\n" +
                "yet was it that of the body of Hugo Baskerville lying near her,\n" +
                "which raised the hair upon the heads of these three daredevil\n" +
                "roysterers, but it was that, standing over Hugo, and plucking at\n" +

                "yea yea, and they were looking like idiots in the sky and saw nothing, and they " +
                "got so scred that they realized they better get away from it, and now back to the text" +

                "blazing eyes and dripping jaws upon them, the three shrieked with\n" +
                "fear and rode for dear life, still screaming, across the moor.\n" +
                "One, it is said, died that very night of what he had seen, and\n" +
                "the other twain were but broken men for the rest of their days." ;


Expected answer : Arthur_Conan_Doyle : The_Hound_of_the_Baskervilles.txt
Obtained answer : Arthur_Conan_Doyle : The_Hound_of_the_Baskervilles.txt