ORIGINAL TEXT

The witnesses of the crime are of all nations, and there is no possibility
of error concerning facts. There are British consuls like Casement,
Thesiger, Mitchell and Armstrong, all writing in their official capacity
with every detail of fact and date. There are Frenchmen like Pierre Mille
and FÃ©licien Challaye, both of whom have written books upon the subject.
There are missionaries of many races--Harris, Weeks and Stannard
(British); Morrison, Clarke and Shepherd (American); Sjoblom (Swedish) and
Father Vermeersch, the Jesuit. There is the eloquent action of the Italian
Government, who refused to allow Italian officers to be employed any
longer in such hangman's work, and there is the report of the Belgian
commission, the evidence before which was suppressed because it was too
dreadful for publication; finally, there is the incorruptible evidence of
the kodak. Any American citizen who will glance at Mark Twain's "King
Leopold's Soliloquy" will see some samples of that. A perusal of all of
these sources of information will show that there is not a grotesque,
obscene or ferocious torture which human ingenuity could invent which has
not been used against these harmless and helpless people.

This would, to my mind, warrant our intervention in any case. Turkey has
several times been interfered with simply on the general ground of
humanity. There is in this instance a very special reason why America and
England should not stand by and see these people done to death. They are,
in a sense, their wards. America was the first to give official
recognition to King Leopold's enterprise in 1884, and so has the
responsibility of having actually put him into that position which he has
so dreadfully abused. She has been the indirect and innocent cause of the
whole tragedy. Surely some reparation is due. On the other hand England
has, with the other European Powers, signed the treaty of 1885, by which
each and all of them make it responsible for the condition of the native
races. The other Powers have so far shown no desire to live up to this
pledge. But the conscience of England is uneasy and she is slowly rousing
herself to act. Will America be behind?

Original novel: The Crime of the Congo by Arthur Conan Doyle
Not in training data set
Best novel match : Arthur_Conan_Doyle : The_Adventure_of_the_Dying_Detective.txt
Best author match : Isaac_Asimov